Remove sulu website twig attributes configuration (#7915)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE-3.x.md

- `%sulu_website.twig.meta.class%`
- `%sulu_website.twig.seo.class%`

### Remove deprecated sulu_website twig attributes configuration

> The configuration of `config/packages/sulu_website.yaml` for twig attribute need to be be removed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configuration for the Twig attribute in `config/packages/sulu_website.yaml` needs to be removed.
```
